# AngularCourse

This project was generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 19.1.7.

## Here is theOneOps's notes

This project is about having a todolist but linked to a server. the server was mad with json-server.

To launch the front (I mean the angular's part):
```
npm start
```

To launch the server, just execute this command : 
```
npm run server
```


So, all of the todolist is fetching from that server, and any change made on those todos *(called tasks in the project)*, makes a request to the server. 
And there are 4 types of requests :

- post a task (create a task)
- update a task
- delete a task
- and of course, the get a task or all of them directly

**************************************

Here are the rest of the normal readme.md generated by **angular cli**

## Development server

To start a local development server, run:

```bash
ng serve
```

Once the server is running, open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload whenever you modify any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Angular CLI includes powerful code scaffolding tools. To generate a new component, run:

```bash
ng generate component component-name
```

For a complete list of available schematics (such as `components`, `directives`, or `pipes`), run:

```bash
ng generate --help
```

## Building

To build the project run:

```bash
ng build
```

This will compile your project and store the build artifacts in the `dist/` directory. By default, the production build optimizes your application for performance and speed.

## Running unit tests

To execute unit tests with the [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io) test runner, use the following command:

```bash
ng test
```

## Running end-to-end tests

For end-to-end (e2e) testing, run:

```bash
ng e2e
```

Angular CLI does not come with an end-to-end testing framework by default. You can choose one that suits your needs.

## Additional Resources

For more information on using the Angular CLI, including detailed command references, visit the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.dev/tools/cli) page.
